Upgrade4ZoomChartInstructions (#53)
tigergraph/gui-docs: modules/graphstudio/pages/overview.adoc

TigerGraph GraphStudio™ is an intuitive, browser-based interface for graph-based application development tasks.

> WARNING: TigerGraph’s license to use and distribute the ZoomCharts visualization library embedded within certain versions of GraphStudio will expire December 31, 2023. Please see xref:gui:graphstudio:zoomChart-licenseExpiry-Upgrade.adoc[] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: TigerGraph’s license to use and distribute the ZoomCharts visualization library embedded within certain versions of GraphStudio expires on December 31, 2023. Please see xref:gui:graphstudio:zoomChart-licenseExpiry-Upgrade.adoc[] for more details.
```
It's best to write so that a statement is always makes sense, for the indefinite future. The phrase "will expire" is only grammatically correct if it's clear the speaker is speaking before that date.  Similarly, you should avoid saying "now" or "currently" in documentation.

Author: Thank you. Changed this with last commit.
